good guys youtube and forum crowd
will you stay in Brazil?
in this video I wanted to present a
tip to the consensus of a filter
be used in the corner to perform a
filtration of the water we have been
collecting in the bush for later
water treatment
you have a filter used here a lot in
south
the chimarrão pumps that are placed and
tied in it so firmly too
what his function would be to prevent
the bran of the yerba mate ends and clogs
the holes in the pump and locking
chimarrão
these things like that and a while ago
I was thinking about the possibility of
try to fit it or in a place of a
pet bottle or even in the canteen there I
I did the actual test, just put it here.
then I'll're shooting but
approximately so you can see
better and it does not disturb the
closing the canteen gives to close
well that the cover area normally does not
have a problem starting the filter and
It's very practical to go when it's time to
collecting water directly from the source
be of the mug in the corner
I found it very interesting because it is
a lightweight but tightly woven fabric
his amalia then has enough of
there are remnants
thicker residues let's say so
to make the landing
maybe we'll be looking more
in detail now
Good people in this filter pack have
two units of this filter
and the third is very resistant has a
good durability
The only drawback of course is that
be easier to find here in the south
this type of filter is not because of
chimarrão tradition in other regions
of the country will really be a bit more
complicated to find in the trade
but I made a mooring here
I will not leave him in the afternoon here until
for me to release after using
it to be the original end that would be in the
pump mate but we here
inside the canteen and if you are with
cover already open course will use the cup in
corner to whole he does not lock
water you can spill does not
problem
and I would give up until I did the test leave
to drink it himself with the filter here
of course if the filter has already been
used has by the detail that we can and
clean the filter to remove or
grandchildren is useless to fill a
with water and at the time of drinking or
Let's stay here at the time we
reverse the flow of water will bring everyone
the particles back into the mouth of the
people but it also allows the water
even ingested
with the filter in the mouth of the canteen and I
I found it very practical to leave
It's been a while since I was looking for
use in the markets here to take the test
and it's really cool, it's cool.
was suspecting that what would not be the
enough size to be in here on
mouth of the corner but it worked out then
a tip for quick filtering in the
our waters from our encampments and
tracks and it 's good stuff, right?
I hope you liked the tip of this
type of filter to use our
cantis in our camps and touch